Annotations priority docs (#2683)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/cli_annotate.md

<%= image "annotations-styles.png", alt: "Screenshot of available annotation styles" %>

## Annotation ordering

Annotations are ordered by priority (highest to lowest) and then by most recently created. Priority can be set with the `--priority` option when creating the annotation with `buildkite-agent annotate`. Priority ranges from `1` to `10`, with `10` being the highest priority and `1` being the lowest. If priority is not set, the default priority is `3`. If two annotations have the same priority, the one created most recently will be displayed first.

This is an example pipeline that showcases how to use priority to order annotations:

```yaml
steps:
  - label:  "\:console\: Annotation Test"
    command: |

>       buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 1 (Priority 1)' --context 'first' --priority 1
>       buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 2 (Priority 10)' --style 'info' --context 'second' --priority 10
>       buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 3 (Priority 4)' --style 'warning' --context 'third' --priority 4
>       buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 4 (Priority 4)' --style 'error' --context 'fourth' --priority 4
>       buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 5 (Priority 3, Default)' --style 'success' --context 'fifth'

Reviewer: Since the code block doesn't hold the entire width of each line, I'd move the `--priority X` options to the first position, similar to how the `--style` options are in the first position (in the section above)...

```suggestion
      buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 1 (Priority 1)' --priority 1 --context 'first'
      buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 2 (Priority 10)' --priority 10 --style 'info' --context 'second'
      buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 3 (Priority 4)' --priority 4 --style 'warning' --context 'third'
      buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 4 (Priority 4)' --priority 4 --style 'error' --context 'fourth'
      buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 5 (Priority 3, Default)' --style 'success' --context 'fifth'
```

<%= image "annotations-styles.png", alt: "Screenshot of available annotation styles" %>

## Annotation ordering

> Annotations are ordered by priority (highest to lowest) and then by most recently created. Priority can be set with the `--priority` option when creating the annotation with `buildkite-agent annotate`. Priority ranges from `1` to `10`, with `10` being the highest priority and `1` being the lowest. If priority is not set, the default priority is `3`. If two annotations have the same priority, the one created most recently will be displayed first.

Reviewer 2: love it 🥰

Reviewer 2: I really love communication styles like this to describe how something works. It makes it so easy to understand and naturally answers questions you have as you go along

> This is an example pipeline showcasing using priority to order annotations:

Reviewer 2: optional rephrase
`This is an example pipeline that showcases how to use priority to order annotations.`

Author: ```suggestion
This is an example pipeline that showcases how to use priority to order annotations:
```

```yaml
steps:
  - label:  "\:console\: Annotation Test"
    command: |
      buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 1 (Priority 1)' --context 'first' --priority 1
      buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 2 (Priority 10)' --style 'info' --context 'second' --priority 10
      buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 3 (Priority 4)' --style 'warning' --context 'third' --priority 4
      buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 4 (Priority 4)' --style 'error' --context 'fourth' --priority 4
      buildkite-agent annotate 'Example 5 (Priority 3, Default)' --style 'success' --context 'fifth'
```

> Which would produce the following ordering:

Reviewer 2: noiiiiice
